Shawn Phalen: Hey,
iPhone: Hi stranger.
Shawn Phalen: I should end for her.
iPhone: Now, how are you good
iPhone: I'm good lots happened in the last couple months. Yeah, yeah.
iPhone: Well,
iPhone: Got a lot, actually, um, I
iPhone: Well, my ex.
iPhone: I went to court. A couple weeks ago and my ex.
iPhone: Got 50 well not 50% capacity just yet but you basically GOT CUSTODY OF MY SON. For the first time in four and a half years. So it's been been hard.
iPhone: You know the actually he's there with him right now I go and pick him up at like 715 after my meeting, but um but yeah
iPhone: So, and yeah.
Shawn Phalen: When, when we last spoke, you were in the process. I think you just done a paternity test.
iPhone: You are in the process of getting all that stuff rolling. So now, so now he won't have to pay child support.
iPhone: So it, I kind of feel like
iPhone: I don't know, it's, I guess it's better. I like the last few days of it better than they were the first week you know i was i was a mess, you know,
iPhone: And I want my son to know his dad you know that's not the issue. The issue is
iPhone: Just all the things that he has said to my daughter. Over the years, you know, my daughter seven I don't want him doing that to mission, you know,
iPhone: The good thing is, is you know because I've had my senses birth just him and I we my son's very loyal to me know and his dad's not going to be able to come in and talk bad about me. You know, he already proved it last week, I think it was the first time that he was taking him.
iPhone: You know, he was getting them in the car seat and there were on the driver side.
iPhone: And the back passion or the, you know, back door and the driver side and I was on the passenger side, given my, my daughter kiss.
iPhone: And he was trying to reach around and Buckle My son in and couldn't see the buck the belt buckle and he said to my daughter. Hey, why don't you help me out. You knucklehead. Well, my son, but he was calling in knucklehead. And my son goes, Hey, don't call my mom and knucklehead.
iPhone: So it was a good feeling to know like, you know,
iPhone: So where's loyalty there with my son. And so, you know, I know. Like the first five years are the most important
iPhone: And so I'm you know and things have actually not been bad between him and I it's kind of weird.
iPhone: You know, I was devastated when I left court. I don't think I've ever cried so hard on my life I had to pull over and side of the road, I cried so hard. I couldn't see eyes were swollen shut the next morning, because I cried so hard.
iPhone: But
iPhone: You know I everyone told me that there's no way the judge is going to give him 5050. No, he doesn't know one like he you know there's no way
iPhone: There's a way
iPhone: Because he did
iPhone: In California, the courts really do 5050 they're just really
iPhone: Know it
iPhone: Yeah, you know, he had a he had an attorney, and I didn't and I you know I felt very alone that day, you know, and I just felt like
iPhone: You know, I even said to the judge when they called us up there, you know, he asked me what I would know what is it, but I wanted, you know, and
iPhone: It was like the first time that I didn't know what to say, you know, and I in the courtrooms filled, you know, with other cases, waiting to be seen and I
iPhone: Might just stood there was probably like I felt like 10 minutes but it's probably a good solid
iPhone: 45 seconds and it was silent in the courtroom and I did not know what to say. And in fact, I started crying and you never pride in court ever even when I want to, like, I'm always able to hold us together.
iPhone: You know, and I started crying and I looked at the judge. And I said, Your Honor. I feel completely lost when I told him, you know, I said, I don't know. And, you know, and then I made a comment about
iPhone: You know, my son, and then, you know, then the judge embarrass me because it's not just my son. It's our son.
iPhone: But he's never been in his life, even though I'm trying to tell them all along. He was a daddy. You know, he
iPhone: So, you know, it's not, I'm not used to saying our son, you know. And so he said, you know, Mrs. Bullock. I need to stop you right there.
iPhone: You know, it's not, it's no longer your son. You know, you need to change the way you say that are, you know, and so, but it was, um, you know, it is what it is I you know I obviously in front of my kids I don't act sad, you know,
iPhone: I try to, you know, be happy for them and excited. You know, you're going to go to your dad, you're gonna have fun and, you know, and then when they leave a breakdown, you know, but I don't do it in front of them. So great, you know,
iPhone: But that's that. Okay.
So,
Shawn Phalen: You seem like you're doing well, though, like
iPhone: I am I, you know, works really good, you know, I, you know, I'm things are a little bit better between me and my step daughter and
iPhone: It, you know, it went way down hill for a minute, like worse than when I talked to you, you know, she went to school, making claims that I was abusing her CPS got involved the police showed up at my door.
iPhone: You know, and then I ended up calling the principal that day, you know, basically, to tell my side, you know, she's definitely not being overused.
iPhone: And, you know, took about a week, I think, was like Thanksgiving break happened and then when when they got back the principal eventually called me.
iPhone: I was at work, but I answered it. And we talked for 45 minutes, you know,
iPhone: And she was happy because obviously, you know, they only hear the child side, you know, and
iPhone: You know, so now the principles aware of what's going on and you know
iPhone: You know, but it got really bad at times, you know, but it seems to be a little better because
iPhone: The school
Shawn Phalen: So she went into the principal's office.
iPhone: So that I stuff that I suffocated her suffocating her all kinds of shit, all kinds of stuff, you know, and I told that, you know, I was very honest with the police. I had to office to show up at my door. It was a Friday.
iPhone: I just gotten back from taking my kids to see Toy Story for
iPhone: And
iPhone: My while we were only back to maybe 20 minutes and you know I got a call.
iPhone: I mean, they showed up. So they were here for like 30 minutes or so. And, you know, and I was honest, you know, I mean, I think what happened was, she had her grandmother had bought her a recorder. A little handheld recorder.
iPhone: And that morning.
iPhone: You know she
iPhone: She really knows how to push your buttons.
iPhone: And
iPhone: Long story short, she ended up recording me okay and and it didn't make me look very good. You know, I'm human, right, because sometimes you know I know I shouldn't cut up the kids, you know, but when they get so angry sometimes I do what you know. And I did that day.
iPhone: On recordings, and she took it and played it for the principal. That's how you know
iPhone: And I know it doesn't make me look very good. And, you know, and I even told the officer because office. Please hurt it to, you know, I mean, it wasn't like nothing abusive on the recording it just
iPhone: You know, if you didn't know me and didn't know the situation, you know, an outsider just listening to it.
iPhone: Would be like, you know, but they also didn't know the whole hour that led up to that recording
iPhone: The bunch of stuff. She wasn't listening. She's back talking. She wouldn't get ready for school. I mean, I'm like running late. You know, and so long story short, she went to the recorder. Oh it after she did it. That was she after she recorded me and I didn't know she was recorded me, she said.
iPhone: After whatever I said, whatever. I said, because she pulled it out. She's thank you got what I needed. What she said to me.
iPhone: You know and I you know I probably should have taken, taken it but it's like, you know, you know, I didn't think she'd go and play it for the principal but whatever, it doesn't matter. You know, it is what it is.
iPhone: You know, she got in trouble, she was, she was grounded. You know, you don't you don't go and do that like you're on somebody's life you know
Shawn Phalen: Right in hers in, you know,
iPhone: What's funny is I just called child protective services, the day before on my ex, and then the very next day they get called on me. I was pissed. I was really angry but you know we've been able to work through that, you know, she's
iPhone: It's better you know she went to her. Her mom's in Washington on Christmas break, and ever since she's been back you know we haven't had any
iPhone: Big you know anything. It's been pretty
iPhone: You know, I think she may be realizes I you know I don't know I don't really know. You know, I'm trying to, I'm still working through the issues I have with her, you know,
iPhone: But it is better.
Shawn Phalen: What does her dad say
About
iPhone: The OH HE WILL HE WAS PASSING what happened was is when I had dropped her off because I take her to school every day that morning after she had said, you know, thank you got what they wanted.
iPhone: And when I was driving her to school, she said as she was getting out of the car. She says, I'm going to break you up. I'm going to break you in my data just like I did. Sam his ex girlfriend.
iPhone: And I just kind of laugh us a tailor she should not break up your dad and Sam and she's oh yeah I did and she said something along the lines of, I acted
iPhone: You know I acted so crazy that you know that it made her so crazy or angry or something. And she ended up, you know, leaving her dad or something like that.
iPhone: And I said, Well, if that's what you can have beliefs and that's fine. But that's not the case. Like, and so when after school, he wouldn't picked her up.
iPhone: And I because she was going to drive out to her grandma's house for the weekend. And I said, no, you need to bring her home.
iPhone: Because at this point she hadn't seen her since the police showed up. She didn't know. I didn't even know if she knew the police was showing up. But she did talk to the police, and she knows, you know, the police showed up at the school and talk to her, and
iPhone: But then she tried to deny saying that I never said that. I said, You didn't tell me you treat your to try to break me and your debit. She's like, no, you know, and my end. He looked at her. He goes, Taylor, you
iPhone: You said that to me before. So he knew that she had said that there's no way you mean so she's
iPhone: You know she lives a lot. She still does. You know, like you'll ask her a question even something so stupid as and did you wash your hair. Yes. And I'll be like Taylor.
iPhone: Did you and then she'll go okay but it's hurting first initial thing is to just immediately lie about everything. It doesn't matter what it is, it could be the stupidest thing.
iPhone: You know, the stupid things. But it's like a, you know, and so then she had a little hiccup at school. Last week, the principal called me again about something that, you know, the kids. So Taylor said about a little girl who has she has scoliosis, and she has to wear a brace.
iPhone: And the principal had gone in to all the sixth grade classes and spoke basically to educate the students that they were going to have a student that come into the school.
iPhone: That was a bracelet back race. You know, it's like a full BACK BRACE you know
iPhone: And basically, you know, explain to it like it's it's a disability, you would make fun of somebody in a wheelchair. You wouldn't make somebody you know
iPhone: And so when Taylor said something about you know your brace girl or ugly brace girl or something like that, you know, she
iPhone: She got attention for two or three days, you know, she denied saying that, you know, I don't know if she does or not. So the principal called to tell me you know that you need to
iPhone: You know if she comes into school tomorrow and admits to what she said she won't have the attention again.
iPhone: But if she doesn't, she's going to have another day full in house different or detention and then Monday, she comes back, it'll be business as usual. And she she said that she didn't say it, you know, and so she had the tension, you know,
iPhone: But it's nice that the principal and I have been able to talk. And so we kind of know you know she knows kind of what's going on and
Shawn Phalen: Yes, she sees the, you know, she sees
Shawn Phalen: Her manipulation and her his attention getting you know that's what she's, she's acting now because she wants attention and
iPhone: She's 11 she's probably pretty advanced for 11 years old, you know, surely 12 next month so
Shawn Phalen: So you're entering that health stage.
iPhone: I know
iPhone: I know I know she hasn't even started appearing jack. Oh my god. When she starts a period is the hormones. Yeah, I'm not looking forward to it you know and i i'm hoping
iPhone: And maybe I mean to say this, you know, but I'm hoping that you know I know she wants to really go live with her mom. Yeah, I was gonna we yeah
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, we had kind of talked about that.
Shawn Phalen: It, you know, in the past.
iPhone: I kind of addressed it as she probably feels some abandonment issues and Taylor.
Shawn Phalen: And that she's probably really missing her mom because she didn't get to really say goodbye to her right was
iPhone: Not, I mean, not, not really, you know, not
iPhone: Busy her mom was close at all, which is what what's kind of weird like
iPhone: You know, I mean the sheet call it had CPS called her and her mom to for choking her her long good choker. You know, so
iPhone: I don't know i i think that she just doesn't like me. And so she. This isn't one live here. And so anywhere else is better than here, you know, but you know the way my boyfriend looks at it is, we kind of feel like
iPhone: If we let her go now. Right. Eventually, you know, he's afraid she's gonna come back pregnant or, you know, but if we let her go now.
iPhone: And she moves out to Washington with her mom, you know, he's almost certainly not going to work out, you know, and then in the beginning, it's fresh and it's new.
iPhone: But when things start to get settled down, you know, she's going to hate her mom or not, you know, and then her mom's not going to be able to handle her
iPhone: So her mom's going to end up kicking her back. And by then, you know, at least now we have some control over.
iPhone: You know she leaves for two or three years and comes back when she's 15 then is there was going to have a nightmare jail with, you know, but then it's like, I don't know. I'm hoping you know I guess hit her mom was talking about maybe moving back from Washington.
iPhone: And if she does. And she can absolutely go looking you live with her, she'll be closing. I mean, he won't feel like he lost his only daughter.
iPhone: You know,
iPhone: Now I'm part of me. It's like my kids. My kids have to share a room they're four and seven almost five and eight, and boy and girl, you know,
iPhone: Getting to the age where you can't be sharing a room, but I don't want my seven year old sharing a room with her because I feel like that dynamic is way too old for my daughter.
iPhone: You know, say, I mean, I mean it's selfish that I want her to move out. So my kids can have their own room and you know
iPhone: It's just been, you know, I mean, it's been a struggle. Right. You know, it's been, you know, you guys. It hasn't been easy. You know, we talked about that before like blending families and and you know it's
iPhone: It's just heard, and it really have, you know, I didn't realize how hard
iPhone: Yeah, yeah. Nobody really knows until you're all living under one roof and you're just like, Oh my God, what, what did I do like what
You know what happened.
iPhone: So, I mean, I know you guys have had some ups and downs, for sure.
iPhone: And what's crazy is her her dad and I, uh, he's so good to me. Like, I can't even tell you he could not be better. You could not be better to me, he's he's, he respects me.
iPhone: He's just very good to me. And we him. And I was like, we've been together just hit two years and on January 19 now we've never had a fight.
iPhone: With never it's like we get along so good. The only issue that we have and the only time to him and I have argued, was because of his daughter, you know,
iPhone: And he knows that, you know, we talked about that. It's like if you know. And so, and he knows how difficult. She can be and how disrespectful and she is
iPhone: You know, and I told her, I said it's not what you say to meet your tone of voice, you know, it's okay to relieve an errand for two minutes and you're like, Okay.
iPhone: And because I like patients. Now the sets me off, which is when I'm like why why do you have to say it like that. Just say okay
iPhone: It's everything's like long and drawn out. Okay, I know I you know and and because it's gone on for so many months I
iPhone: It could be the smallest thing, but in the immediately just it really gets to me, you know, and so I'm really struggling because I, you know, I've got
iPhone: A lot of depression lately with, you know, just with a lot of stuff and you know like a part of me probably should be back on medication and
iPhone: And then I find out last week or the week before that.
iPhone: med Mark who basically I have a grant through they're paying for all my services, my prescription. They're changing things, and as far as I know, on Friday because I have another week of meds medicine.
iPhone: They're not covering my medicine anymore.
iPhone: And so I so I'm really anxious and
iPhone: I'm really anxious and like nervous and scared and that if they don't make. I don't know how much it's going to be, but I can't afford $300 prescription or I mean I can't
iPhone: I can't afford to go to group every Wednesday night like I have been, you know, I go every Wednesday night religiously for six months now, you know,
iPhone: And then, you know, it's like I don't you know the opponent that Ms with you. I called them back. I asked him to reschedule. They were going to call me back and give your
iPhone: And then I never got a call back and I just never followed up on my life just kind of got away from me, you know, and that's why I have it in a meeting with you. It's all good. You know, I think about your time and think about it, you know.
iPhone: And so I'm really nervous. Like I I'm trying to think about it. But, you know, Friday's four days away. I'll be out of medicine by Friday night, you know, and
iPhone: You know, I don't think it's the best thing to try to quit cold turkey like that you know i'm i'm on three strips today, you know, and
iPhone: You know, I haven't had any relapses at all, you know,
iPhone: till June 29th was my last time I used to pill.
iPhone: You know, I don't. And I don't want to even think think that way, you know, if I can't get so I'm I feel
iPhone: A panic and I feel panic, you know. So tomorrow I'm going to call okay pharmacy. They said that, I guess I have to go see one of their doctors now and I know that
iPhone: Bright heart I think takes my insurance because I do have insurance. So if worse comes to worse.
iPhone: You know, it's very important to me to continue to see you. So I want to continue, get on a regular schedule with you.
iPhone: Very important that I continue my relapse prevention. Right. I really like it. I really, you know, I don't always like doing it on, you know, it's like, oh, I'm tired, you know,
iPhone: But when I do it, I feel good. Every time. So it's like, you know, I want to continue these things, but I don't know if I'll be able to afford it. So I'm just, that's kind of where I'm at, with that and i'm i'm panic that it's
iPhone: They don't cover me. It's like, I don't know if I can continue to afford expensive, you know,
Shawn Phalen: So do you have
Shawn Phalen: So what is your insurance, you said you haven't
iPhone: You United Healthcare. I have a PPO. Okay, so why don't you cooperate hurt and have them switch it over.
Shawn Phalen: To United Healthcare
iPhone: I mean if if I will have to if they don't. So tomorrow I'm going to call the pharmacy called me and they're the ones that told me, like, you know, because
iPhone: The pharmacy that goes through is called mercury pharmacy. They have a contract with med mark. So a lot of the night. Mark patient go. Is there only open Monday to Friday. It's a small pharmacy.
iPhone: She's the one that called me and said you know that the I need to see one of their doctors in order for them to continue. So I don't know, I just, and then when when I was called and told that I think I had court. The following day.
iPhone: So I told her I would call her after Court and Court happen and I was a mess for a week and then I just kind of been procrastinating, you know, and so you know tomorrow after work, I'm off Wednesday, this week.
iPhone: You know, I'll call tomorrow, and I'll see if I can schedule an appointment with one of the MED Mark doctors and to see because it would be nice to have them continue pain. I haven't paid opinion, six months. It's been awesome. You know,
Shawn Phalen: Because you don't you don't want to be without that soapbox and because you'll start to feel no not well.
iPhone: Well, I mean, if I have to pay for outright like yeah
iPhone: You know,
iPhone: I mean, I might not be able to pay for a month supply, because that's what I've been getting because I've been going to group every Wednesday.
iPhone: I they give me a month prescription. Now, you know, because I'm trustworthy. I guess is what they say.
iPhone: You know, but if you know I don't know. I have no idea how much it costs, I don't know anything. So also, I'm going to call them pharmacy tomorrow. She says her get together a list of doctors that I could see in the area make appointment and then just kind of go from there.
Shawn Phalen: But how long do you think it'll take to get in to see a doctor.
iPhone: I have no idea.
iPhone: I mean, I could
iPhone: I'm a book called bright heart tomorrow because if I would, I don't want to happen is for them to switch everything on my insurance.
iPhone: med mark, find out about it right then they say, oh, well, they were just, you know, and kind of wash their hands at me and not and not I want to still try to get with, you know, to have them.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so what you need to do is call bright heart and explain what's going on.
Shawn Phalen: Because it might take you, depending on how busy based doctors are it might take you a week or two to get into see one of them. So you can't have
Shawn Phalen: We cannot have that laughs you know without taking the Suboxone so just explain what's going on to them and then see what they say. So just something
iPhone: To everybody's on the same page that makes her or call on Wednesday when it whenever you have time, you know, and just make sure that they know what's going on. Okay.
Cuz you want to get that taken care
iPhone: I should have already done it. I don't know what the heck I'm waiting for you. I just have been through so much and going on and
iPhone: I don't know, I've been sleeping a lot, you know, on my days off. I have been sleeping a lot less I know when you know when I could suppress my sleep and then I haven't. No, I haven't called
iPhone: A everyone in my family. I haven't really talked to anybody. Since court, it's been, I had to go ahead court on
iPhone: The 19th of January. So it's been like three weeks and
iPhone: You know, I'm sure my family. At this point, may I don't know if they think I've relapsed or none of my family knows I'm on Suboxone you know only my mom, my real mom.
iPhone: But nobody else knows you know
iPhone: But
iPhone: You know, I need to start reaching out to my family and not just kind of, you know, when I get depressed. I just retreat and talk to nobody, and answer calls you know I sleep a lot
Shawn Phalen: So do you think the depression is just because of what happened in court, or do you think you know this is kind of creeping back up on you and you need to go back on medication.
iPhone: Um, I think it's a mixture of
iPhone: A lot you know mixture of
iPhone: The whole child support thing. I'm really worried that you know once he does get 5050 so as it is now. My son is on the same schedule as my daughter.
iPhone: But he comes home a subset my house.
iPhone: He only gets one overnight and it's Friday nights.
iPhone: But once we go back to court. On April 2. I don't know if they're going to get. I know they're going to give him more overnights. I don't know if they're going to
iPhone: It because it's gone so great. Now they if they're going to just 5050 exact same schedule is Emma, or if they're only going to go a couple more overnights
iPhone: And they'll have maybe two or three overnights and then we'll do that for a couple months, but I'm, what I'm worried about is very stressed out about
iPhone: Because I make more money than him. Not by a lot. And really I don't make that much because I have written, I had built his dad and has no bills.
iPhone: So even though I might make it $2 more an hour, which is what I make $2 he has a lot more money than I do, because he has no rent. There's no car payment like his dad gives him a gas card.
iPhone: Like you know i mean he has a lot more money than I do. Even though, on paper, it looks like
iPhone: You know, I make more and I'm really concerned that I'm going to have to pay him child support because I make more money than him once he gets 5050 well and if that happens because I pay him job for now.
iPhone: But he pays me a lot more. So they just deduct
iPhone: What I pay him from what he owes me. So once it goes 5050
iPhone: Like, I won't be I will not afford to be able to pay in child support, and I might have to. So I'm very nervous about that, like, you know,
But
Shawn Phalen: Here's, here's the thing is that when you can when anybody has when anybody's asked him to child support, you have to fill out an income. Income declaration. So he has to list all of his expenses. He
iPhone: Hawaii. Hawaii.
Shawn Phalen: You, you can contest that and you can say, look at you know you live with your dad. I mean, I would fight I fight him on that because he lives with his dad, he
He doesn't have rent, he's you know he doesn't have the expenses that you have. So
iPhone: Also I'm
iPhone: I works going really, really well. And I just got signed off to become a store manager. Well, I guess, a few months ago, but
iPhone: It's
iPhone: Great to them right now. You know my district manager said to me a couple days ago. So we're going to be ready to take over the store. So it's coming. And when that happens, my, my
iPhone: My income will increase significantly is be the most I've ever made in my entire life. You know, it will be life changing. And at that time, very much so like
iPhone: Very much show. And so I I took. I want all this to happen now because I don't want them to use my store manager income, you know, it's like for making like 40,000 1000 like double
iPhone: You know, and so I'm nervous. You know, and it's unfair because he's always gotten away with whole life not paint the chalkboard doesn't pay for anything. He's got three other kids.
iPhone: And my tools we've got five kids these ever paid for anything he doesn't pay for. He's never gives me a penny for medical he's ever paper prescription he's ever
iPhone: You know, and he it's just something here. He's just had this free ride with deliver home and Dad never hit rock bottom because his dad's always there to bail them out or, you know, and it's just very unfair.
iPhone: Yeah, and it's hard to prove that in court. It's hard to prove a lot of, you know, stuff like that. So how much do you pay him now and child or it's only 100 and something dollars and he pays me 1000 and something
Shawn Phalen: So he is actually giving you money every month.
iPhone: Well, it's so yeah I get direct deposit like I got a $600 payment. A $500 payment $200 payment my last one was $73 that was January 29 I haven't received anything yet. So now that he has custody.
iPhone: Obviously by sure it's going to decrease significantly
iPhone: And then he still owes me like 3500 of back child support, which has to pay me the monthly support which is 1018 but that also includes half of my child care for Dominic
iPhone: So not it's not all support, it's you know, it's like 600 and something support and the other 400 or something for childcare.
iPhone: And then he has to pay an additional 300 on top of that, for the back child support.
iPhone: So I don't really know how the whole child support works because every time I it seems like I've been getting payments every two weeks. They've been totally different amounts so
iPhone: I haven't received anything since the 29th, which was only $73 so I'm not really, I'm not really sure. Like, I have no idea really
Shawn Phalen: So even if you were like, even if you do have
iPhone: A child support. I don't think it's going to increase.
You know, so I don't think it's something that you should be stressing out over, you know, I just feel like you just have to kind of take that as it comes and you just have to roll with it and just do your best to
iPhone: Be like, okay, you
iPhone: Know this, this is what it is.
Shawn Phalen: And you know, you get a copy of his income declaration. So you also get to see what he's saying he pays for
iPhone: Us tried it. Look at it, you need to look at that because you because when you go into court.
Shawn Phalen: Around that you can say, hey,
Shawn Phalen: This isn't adding up for me. I need to talk about this.
iPhone: And the thing is, is like
iPhone: He might get this money for rent. He might, he might give it a 500 bucks. I don't know. He says he does, right, you know, but if he wanted to. He could say I paid my dad $1,000 a month.
iPhone: Right. His dad is going to say yes he pays me $1,000 a month.
Shawn Phalen: Okay. But here's the thing, then you can say, I need to see what I needed.
I need to know like
Shawn Phalen: bank statements, showing that it's being deposited like you're there needs to be
Shawn Phalen: You know, you just don't take you don't take him.
iPhone: On his word, you don't
Shawn Phalen: Because so many people go into court and inflate their expenses. Right.
iPhone: Courts know that if you're saying that
Shawn Phalen: It's not right, then he's gonna have to provide something that shows me. I'm not even
iPhone: Know,
It something that
iPhone: You can request, I'm sure.
iPhone: I definitely well I'm I mean I'm the last time we went to court back in 2016
iPhone: He had to pay me we he ended up getting 5050 custody that day. And so he only owed me back child support, and I got one check for 40 $800 one time and my end since my kids have been born
iPhone: And that's the time we before we went into court. We both had to talk to the child support, lady, whatever. And she said that
iPhone: I was supposed to. It wasn't very much. It was like $18 or something stupid, but that I had, I was responsible for paying him like $18 a month.
iPhone: And I was like, are you kidding me like I was so taken back by that. I'm like, I paid for their medical I'm happy for everything.
iPhone: And so she said, well, when you go in front of the judge you can plead your case and the judge can determine whether and the judge agreed. No, you shouldn't have to pay him child support.
iPhone: Right, you know, but that was with one kid now it's two kids. I just, I don't know if you're right. I shouldn't dwell on it. I shouldn't think about it. I'll just
iPhone: You know it is what it is. I mean, if I have to, you know, and it comes up, they have to. I have to
iPhone: Figure it out. You know, I'd rather it happened before I get my store manager income right so I'm like, I'm kind of rushing things like I don't want him to try to
iPhone: Then on Japan like you know $600 a month or something, I don't know. I don't know how that will work, you know. But usually when it's 5050 like I should. It should just be 5050 like nobody pays anybody
iPhone: You know, but
Shawn Phalen: So I think that what you need to focus on for sure is you need to focus on your insurance stuff first thing that you need to figure out, like, that's, that's your, your task for the week is to get that figured out, but that's that's so far above everything else right now.
iPhone: Law call tomorrow I'll call tomorrow. And then, you know, like on my lunch break or something and
iPhone: I should have done it already. It's like it's coming up and I am I'm bionic because if they kept on my description.
iPhone: You know, I mean, it's like, I'll make myself afford to pay because I can't. I feel like you know at this point I will go through withdrawals. I don't you know I don't want to go through that. I don't want to relapse. I want to
iPhone: You know, but I also don't want to be on Suboxone forever either right but you know
You can't just go cold turkey up Suboxone you know that's not that is not indicated, you need to have it, you know, medically, you have to talk to the doctor you to
You know, build still wean you off of it, you know, go to Turkey off the boxes.
Don't want to do that.
iPhone: Either
Shawn Phalen: So, or Mondays, a good night to meet
iPhone: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: WHAT'S HOT. But with these with these are your groups.
iPhone: Wednesday night at six. Okay.
iPhone: You're not free on
iPhone: Tuesdays. Right.
Shawn Phalen: No, right now it's just Monday, Wednesdays, but we have to do Mondays, because your group is on what
Shawn Phalen: Can you do
Shawn Phalen: So, be wary 24 which is a Monday.
At
It's six o'clock, your time.
Or let's say six 630
iPhone: January.
iPhone: Work up you're working
iPhone: on my desk. Okay. So, today's the 10th right yeah so
iPhone: His Monday.
iPhone: Yeah, the six would be better.
iPhone: Can you do six only because I'm supposed to pick up my son. Yeah. At seven and it's the town away. So I'm going to be a little bit late, picking them up tonight.
iPhone: Yeah, I mean I guess I can always finish the meeting in the car. Well, you know, no, but um but yes six would be perfect on Mondays. Okay, so let's do Monday the 24th at six o'clock.
iPhone: On my calendar. Okay.
iPhone: My birthday is the 27th. I'll be 41. Yay. It's crazy and getting old. I don't feel. I don't feel it. So I asked him.
iPhone: But I think it's because I have young kids, they keep me young, you know, and I have a very young spirit, so
iPhone: But my body, my back feels like I'm 100 you know
iPhone: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So first things first, like I said you the insurance and then we'll check back in a couple of weeks and then kind of get back on track with everything as to where we need to focus and, you know, kind of how we were doing it before we had this little interruption.
iPhone: So,
Shawn Phalen: Like today. I just wanted to kind of get a background as to where things were. You look great. You look
iPhone: Good. You are calm you are
Shawn Phalen: You're a new woman, you know, so I have to tell you, from when we first started
iPhone: I know I
Shawn Phalen: Leave one at. So, you know, gay, good for you.
iPhone: Thanks, it's it's life's good. I mean, I don't have any you know
iPhone: Good. I just don't have any complaints, you know, just life complaints, but nothing like Oh, nothing. I can't handle, you know, see like
iPhone: Getting free things and I'm happy that I am happy that my son.
iPhone: He loves having a dad. He doesn't he doesn't understand it. He. I don't even know if he knows it, Dad, really, is he just knows it's a name.
iPhone: But he is very excited. He every time he wholesale hi dad missed you, you'd be like the first time we ever saw him like he does, you know, but it's really fun at his house. He's got a trampoline.
iPhone: Tree House started swinging. He's got a zip line everything in his backyard. So to my son. It's like fun, you know,
iPhone: You know so and I'm happy I you know I want you know and then what makes me really happy that my children are together here and there, so
iPhone: You know, so she has he has versus his sister, they're very close
iPhone: And I know she'll look after him. I know she's young she's only seven but you know he's all by himself, you know,
iPhone: So that you know and then it's like, I'm thinking, Okay, well, you know, last Friday when when she when they left it was the first time in his entire life. Right.
iPhone: I didn't have my son and I know to do with myself like I don't like I'm, you know, so even now, there's no kids here. Well, he just picked up Taylor, but
iPhone: It's quiet. You know, it's just kind of different, you know, so it's. I'm trying to think of you know me, my boyfriend can get some more quality time alone.
iPhone: So I wanted to go shopping. I can or go get a pedicure, it's very challenging when you have a very high maintenance four year olds.
iPhone: And I don't get out much, you know, so I'm trying to look at all the positives. You know, I agree. And my daughter's very happy that her brother gets to go with her. And, you know,
iPhone: So it's, it's been it's been it's a lot better than I thought it would be, you know, it's hard to accept in the beginning, but I've accepted it, because I have no other choice but to
iPhone: And so then I'm just trying to think of all the positives and then my work is going phenomenal. Like, I'm just my work.
iPhone: I love going to work every day. You know, so my work. My job is like I really love my job. I love what I do.
iPhone: And it's nice, you know, I make a living and can support my family, you know, when I become a store manager, it's going to get that much better and be life changing.
iPhone: You know, so
Shawn Phalen: Alright, sounds good.
iPhone: Alright, well thank you. It was nice seeing you know
iPhone: We won't make it be that much of a break it. We won't do that again. I know I won't. Alright, so I will see you
iPhone: Monday at 6pm on the 24th. Okay. Sounds good. Okay, Sean. Have a good day.
iPhone: Thanks. Bye.